README.md, before:

# Astral-Credits-Bot
Bot made for and commissioned by the Astral Credits Discord server by [Prussia](https://github.com/jetstream0)

**GENERAL COMMANDS:**

`/help`
Get a list of commands.

`/price`
Get XAC price info.

`/pools`
Get information about all the pools XAC is tradable on.

`/next_claim`
Check to see if your next faucet claim is ready.

`/faucet_stats`
See some neat faucet metrics.

`/register`
Register your address with the bot so admins can send you XAC for tips, giveaways and prizes more easily.

`/add_website`
Link a website to your address, which will show up in any pixels you place in the XAC pixel billboard.

`/pixels`
Get the link to the Pixel Planet dApp

**TIPBOT COMMANDS:**

`/deposit`
View your Tipbot Wallet deposit address.

`/withdraw`
Withdraw SGB or XAC from your Tipbot Wallet.

`/balance`
Check the current balance of your Tipbot Wallet.

`/tip`
Send XAC to another community member.

**ADMIN ONLY COMMANDS:**

`/send`
Admins can send XAC to discord users or addresses

`/change_register`
Admins can change a registered user's address.

`/view_addresses`
View a targeted users registered and tipbot addresses.

`/remove_linked_website`
Admins can remove a registered user's linked website, if they linked.

Commit message:

multiple tokens can now be tipped
also added assets for when discord cdn stops working, and put abi into its own file so stuff is less messy

README.md, after:

# Astral-Credits-Bot
Bot made for and commissioned by the Astral Credits Discord server by [Prussia](https://github.com/jetstream0)

Please not that I (jetstream0) do not hold any of the copyright for anything in the `/assets_compressed` directory. That belongs to MKZI.

**GENERAL COMMANDS:**

`/help`
Get a list of commands.

`/price`
Get XAC price info.

`/pools`
Get information about all the pools XAC is tradable on.

`/next_claim`
Check to see if your next faucet claim is ready.

`/faucet_stats`
See some neat faucet metrics.

`/register`
Register your address with the bot so admins can send you XAC for tips, giveaways and prizes more easily.

`/add_website`
Link a website to your address, which will show up in any pixels you place in the XAC pixel billboard.

`/pixels`
Get the link to the Pixel Planet dApp

**TIPBOT COMMANDS:**

`/deposit`
View your Tipbot Wallet deposit address.

`/withdraw`
Withdraw SGB or XAC from your Tipbot Wallet.

`/balance`
Check the current balance of your Tipbot Wallet.

`/tip`
Send XAC to another community member.

`/coinflip_pvp`
Play provably fair coinflip against other players.

`/coinflip_pvh`
Play provably fair coinflip against the house.

`/supported`
See all supported tipbot currencies.

**ADMIN ONLY COMMANDS:**

`/send`
Admins can send XAC to discord users or addresses

`/change_register`
Admins can change a registered user's address.

`/view_addresses`
View a targeted users registered and tipbot addresses.

`/remove_linked_website`
Admins can remove a registered user's linked website, if they linked.
